My dear Zavina, you work so hard every day in my shop, while also caring for your boyfriend.
Your dedication and love is truly touching.
Thank you, Ms. Lizzie.
Please consider this as a bonus for the month.
Ms. Lizzie, I can please take it.
People support us.
You are going to wake up, I know it.
Hey Daniel.
I told you that you couldn't afford Leo's treatment, don't keep throwing your life away.
Let him go.
I won't give up on Leo.
I just applied today for the Thorne Group Medical Charity Program.
Leo's going to wake up.
I feel it in my heart.
Chances aren't for nobody's like us.
Whatever.
I don't care, I'll keep trying.
Leo is the love of my life, Daniel.
I can't give up on him.
Daniel?
I won't chew that and go.
Will you continue his treatment even if it means not coming back home again, not seeing
Mom or Dad?
I owe Mom and Dad an apology.
They had high expectations for my future.
I let them down.
But Leo's the love of my life, Daniel.
I can't just lose him.
We are very worried about you.
What's this?